Consolidate NetServer config (#86)
SuperOfficeDocs/data-access: docs/netserver/config/factory.md

---
title: Factory element
uid: ns_config_factory
description: NetServer configuration values are used to access class factory information. The ClassFactory is part of a NetServer extension mechanism to support plug-ins.
so.date: 12.10.2021
author: Bergfrid Dias
keywords: config, NetServer, web.config, Factory, CustomFactories, DynamicLoad
so.topic: reference
so.envir: onsite
---

# NetServer Factory element

> These configuration values are used to access class factory information. The `ClassFactory` is part of a NetServer extension mechanism to support plug-ins. To utilize the methods, you must develop your own method and configure it to identify that you are enhancing a provided method.

Reviewer: This makes no sense.

```suggestion
These configuration values are used to access class factory information. The `ClassFactory` is part of a NetServer extension mechanism to support plug-ins. Add entries for each dynamic link library containing custom archive providers, document or sentry plugins, etc.

```
